# Replacement Selection

## Introduction

When sorting large data sets that cannot fit into memory, external sorting is used instead of internal sorting. One of the key steps in external sorting is to generate sets of sorted records (also called runs) with limited internal memory. In this project, we implement the replacement selection sorting algorithm, which is a simple and efficient method for generating runs.

## Approach

The replacement selection algorithm was described by Donald Knuth in 1965. The algorithm generates runs by reading as many records as possible into memory, sorting them internally, and writing the resulting run back to some tape. The size of each run is the same as the capacity of the internal memory. As soon as the first record is written to an output tape, the memory it used becomes available for another record. If the next record is not smaller than the record we have just output, then it can be included in the run.

To implement the replacement selection algorithm, we use a priority queue to keep track of the smallest elements in each run. We also use an array of priority queues to keep track of the other elements in each run. We initialize each run with a boolean flag indicating that it is empty.

To add a value to the corresponding run using the replacement selection algorithm, we check if the priority queue for the run has space. If it does, we add the value to the priority queue and the array of priority queues. Otherwise, we set the flag for the run to false and remove the smallest element from the priority queue. If the value we want to add is smaller than the smallest element, we add it to the next run. Otherwise, we add it to the priority queue and the array of priority queues.

We continue this process until all the records have been read and sorted into runs.

## Input and Output Format

Each input file contains several test cases. The first line of each test case gives two positive integers N (≤ 105) and M (< N/2), which are the total number of records to be sorted and the capacity of the internal memory. Then N numbers are given in the next line, all in the range of int. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

For each test case, the program outputs each run generated by the replacement selection algorithm, one run per line. All the numbers in a line must be separated by exactly 1 space, and there must be no extra space at the beginning or the end of the line.

## Requirements

This project is implemented in C++ and requires a C++ compiler such as GCC or Clang. The project can be run on any operating system that supports a C++ compiler.

## Usage

To run the external sorting with replacement selection algorithm project, compile the code and execute the resulting binary file. The program reads input from a file and writes output to a file. The input file should contain the input data in the format specified in the problem statement. The output file will contain the sorted runs generated by the replacement selection algorithm.
